Name :- Harsh madha
Module-2 Assignment

1. What are the benefits of using CSS?
  => What are the Benefits of CSS?
     1) Faster Page Speed. More code means slower page speed. ...
     2) Better User Experience. CSS not only makes web pages easy on the eye, it also allows for user-friendly formatting. ...
     3) Quicker Development Time. ...
     4) Easy Formatting Changes. ...
     5) Compatibility Across Devices.

2. What are the disadvantages of CSS?
  => 1)Confusion due to many CSS levels. Beginners are more vulnerable to this issue. ...
     2)Cross-Browser Issues. Different browsers work differently. ...
     3)Security Issues. Security is important in today's world driven by technology and data. ...
     4)Extra Work for Developers.


3. What is the difference between CSS2 and CSS3?
  =>Major Differences Between CSS, CSS2 & CSS3
Unlike CSS2, which was comprised of a single document, CSS3 has its specifications divided into many individual modules, which makes CSS3 a whole lot easier to handle. With CSS3, the designers can now use special fonts, like those available in Google Fonts and Typecast.

4. Name of few CSS style components.
  => 1)font-size.
     2)width.
     3)background-color.
     4)color.
     5)border.

5. What do you understand by CSS opacity?
  => The opacity CSS property sets the opacity of an element. Opacity is the degree to which   content behind an element is hidden, and is the opposite of transparency.

6. How can the background color of an elements be changed?
  =>To add background color in HTML, use the CSS background-color property. Set it to the color name or code you want and place it inside a style attribute. Then add this style attribute to an HTML element, like a table, heading, div, or span tag.

7. How can image repetition of the backup be controlled?
  => To control the repetition of an image in the background, use the background-repeat property. You can use no-repeat value for the background-repeat property if you do not want to repeat an image, in this case, the image will display only once.

8. What is the use of the background-position property?
  => The background-position property sets the starting position of a background image. Tip: By default, a background-image is placed at the top-left corner of an element, and repeated both vertically and horizontally.

9. Which property controls the image scroll in the background?
  => The background-attachment property sets whether a background image scrolls with the rest of the page, or is fixed.

10. Why should background and color be used as separate properties?
  => There are two reasons behind this: It enhances the legibility of style sheets. The background property is a complex property in CSS, and if it is combined with color, the complexity will further increase.

11. How to center block elements using CSS1?
  => In order to center the block-level elements, we need to set the margin-right and margin-left properties to explicit values.

12. How to maintain the CSS specifications?
  => There are three ways to add CSS to HTML. You can add inline CSS in a style attribute to style a single HTML element on the page. You can embed an internal stylesheet by adding CSS to the head section of your HTML doc. Or you can link to an external stylesheet that will contain all your CSS separate from your HTML.
     1.inline
     2.internal 
     3.external

13. What are the ways to integrate CSS as a web page?
  => External CSS: CSS code is stored in a separate file and linked to the HTML file using the <link> tag.
-Internal CSS: CSS code is included in the <head> section of the HTML file using the <style> tag.
-Inline CSS: CSS code is included in the HTML tags using the style attribute.

14. What is embbedded style sheets?
  => Embedded style sheets are particularly useful for HTML documents that have unique style requirements from the rest of the documents in your project. However, if the styles need to be applied across multiple documents, you should link to an external style sheet instead of using individual embedded style sheets.

15. What are the external style sheets?
  => An external style sheet is a separate CSS file that can be accessed by creating a link within the head section of the webpage. Multiple webpages can use the same link to access the stylesheet. The link to an external style sheet is placed within the head section of the page.

16. What are the advantages and disadvantages of using external style sheets?
  => advantages of External CSS:
	-Since the CSS code is in a separate document, your HTML files will have a cleaner structure and are smaller in size. 
-You can use the same .css file for multiple pages.

 -Disadvantages of External CSS: 
-Your pages may not be rendered correctly until the external CSS is loaded.
-Uploading or linking to multiple CSS files can increase your site’s download time.

17. What is the meaning of the CSS selector?
  => A CSS selector is the first part of a CSS Rule. It is a pattern of elements and other terms that tell the browser which HTML elements should be selected to have the CSS property values inside the rule applied to them.

18. What are the media types allowed by CSS?
  => continuous or paged. visual, audio, speech, or tactile. grid (for character grid devices), or bitmap.interactive (for devices that allow user interaction), or static (for those that do not).

19. What is the rule set?
  => A rule set is a grouping of code analysis rules that identify targeted issues and specific conditions for that project. For example, you can apply a rule set that's designed to scan code for publicly available APIs. You can also apply a rule set that includes all the available rules.